Breaking upgrade docs (0.4) (#1087)
Quansight/qhub: docs/source/admin_guide/awss3curl.md

# Using Curl to access AWS S3

> In some situations, users may wish to upload content to S3 or download content from an S3 bucket. For example, when attempting [manual backups of QHub's data](./backup.md).

Reviewer: Do we have standards re line-lenght? I generally suggest having something ~220/180 for md documents and sentence-split to help with PR review.

Author: Good idea, and I wonder if this can be imposed automatically. I have added an issue https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1113 - I haven't taken the time to manually format today.

In general, there may be guidance that you would propose for the entire documentation rather than just this review, so maybe we should make some rules for a top-down review of everything.

> Where possible, it is easiest to use AWS's command line tools to do so, but in some situations - for example, to backup the JupyterHub SQLite database - it may be difficult to install AWS' CLI tools due to being in a restricted container environment. In that situation, it is possible to fall back on AWS' basic REST API and use HTTPS requests directly instead. (Ultimately, the AWS CLI is simply a wrapper around those REST APIs.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, the most straightforward way to access AWS S3 buckets is by installing and using AWS's command-line tool. But in some situations - for example, to back up the JupyterHub SQLite database - it may be difficult to install AWS' CLI tools due to being in a restricted container environment. In that situation, it is possible to fall back on AWS' basic REST API and use HTTPS requests directly instead. (Ultimately, the AWS CLI is simply a wrapper around those REST APIs.)
```

> This document describes simple curl commands to interface with S3 directly, specifically in the case of uploading a [backup](./backup.md) of JupyterHub's SQLite database from a restricted pod to S3 (or restoring it from a backup from S3).

Reviewer: ```{suggestion}
This document describes how to use `curl` commands to interface with S3 directly, specifically in the case of [uploading a backup of JupyterHub's SQLite database](./backup.md) from a restricted pod to S3
(or restoring it from a backup from S3).
```
